README.md, before:

# REINFORCEpy

> The naming of this repository is showing respect to [REINFORCEjs](https://github.com/karpathy/reinforcejs)

**REINFORCEpy** is a reinforcement learning library that implements several common RL algorithms, all with web demos. In particular, the library currently supports:

- Dynamic Programming methods
- Temporal-Difference Learning (SARSA / Q-Learning)
- (TODO) Deep Q-Learning for Q-Learning with function approximation with Neural Networks
- (TODO) Stochastic/Deterministic Policy Gradients and Actor Critic architectures for dealing with continuous action spaces

## Screenshots

### Grid World: Dynamic Programming

<img alt="Grid World: Q-learning" src="./figure/grid_world_dp.png" width="100%" />

### Grid World: Temporal-Difference (TD) Learning

<img alt="Grid World: Q-learning GIF" src="./figure/screen_record_grid_world_q_learning.gif" width="100%" />

<img alt="Grid World: Q-learning" src="./figure/grid_world_q_learning.png" width="100%" />

## TODO

- [ ] Make grids perfect square
- [ ] Adds the documentation (instruction) for each playground
- [x] Refine the arrows
- [ ] Replace HTTP with socket
- [ ] More responsive for wide or tall screens
- [ ] Modify page title
- [ ] More elegant way of deep cloning using lodash
- [ ] Functionality to play with trained policy
- [ ] Tackle the problem of being cornered by some local loop or local optimum (maybe limit the actions limit of an episode)
- [ ] RL algorithm for 2048 game
- [ ] Adds the functionality to import/export grid data in JSON format

## License

```
Copyright 2020 Jianfeng Hou <frankderekdick@gmail.com>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```

Commit message:

Introduces the deviation probability in TD methods.

README.md, after:

# REINFORCEpy

> The naming of this repository is showing respect to [REINFORCEjs](https://github.com/karpathy/reinforcejs)

**REINFORCEpy** is a reinforcement learning library that implements several common RL algorithms, all with web demos. In particular, the library currently supports:

- Dynamic Programming methods
- Temporal-Difference Learning (SARSA / Q-Learning)
- (TODO) Deep Q-Learning for Q-Learning with function approximation with Neural Networks
- (TODO) Stochastic/Deterministic Policy Gradients and Actor Critic architectures for dealing with continuous action spaces

## Screenshots

### Grid World: Dynamic Programming

<img alt="Grid World: Q-learning" src="./figure/grid_world_dp.png" width="100%" />

### Grid World: Temporal-Difference (TD) Learning

<img alt="Grid World: Q-learning GIF" src="./figure/screen_record_grid_world_q_learning.gif" width="100%" />

<img alt="Grid World: Q-learning" src="./figure/grid_world_q_learning.png" width="100%" />

## TODO

- [ ] Make grids perfect square
- [ ] Adds the documentation (instruction) for each playground
- [x] Refine the arrows
- [ ] Replace HTTP with socket
- [ ] More responsive for wide or tall screens
- [ ] Modify page title
- [ ] More elegant way of deep cloning using lodash
- [ ] Dark/light themes
- [ ] Functionality to play with trained policy
- [ ] Tackle the problem of being cornered by some local loop or local optimum (maybe limit the actions limit of an episode)
- [ ] RL algorithm for 2048 game
- [ ] Adds the functionality to import/export grid data in JSON format
- [ ] About the deviation probability: consider larger probability of starting from unexplored states (grids). What's the relationship between this idea and on/off-policy methods?

## License

```
Copyright 2020 Jianfeng Hou <frankderekdick@gmail.com>

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
```
